applyWorkaround and openCipherOnAndroid (#30)
simolus3/sqlite3.dart: sqlcipher_flutter_libs/README.md

# sqlcipher_flutter_libs

Flutter apps depending on this package will
contain native `SQLCipher` libraries.

### Problems on Android 6

There appears to be a problem when loading native libraries on Android 6 (see [this issue](https://github.com/simolus3/moor/issues/895#issuecomment-720195005)).
If you're seeing those crashes, you could try setting `android.bundle.enableUncompressedNativeLibs=false` in your `gradle.properties`
file. Be aware that this increases the size of your application when installed.

Alternatively, you can use the `applyWorkaroundToOpenSqlite3OnOldAndroidVersions` method from this library.

> It will try to open `sqlite3` in Java, which seems to work more reliably. After sqlite3 has been loaded from Java,
> we can open it in Dart too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will try to open `sqlcipher` in Java, which seems to work more reliably. After the native library has been loaded from Java,
we can open it in Dart too.
```

### working with Android
  on android you need to override the open method like this

```dart
  open.overrideFor(
      OperatingSystem.android, openCipherOnAndroid);

> ```

Reviewer: This doesn't mention the workaround, so maybe we should move the general section about Android above the note on Android 6.0.1 to make that clearer?

Author: done

> ### no change needed for ios

Reviewer: This shouldn't be a heading, we can emphasize it by making it bold

```suggestion
__No changes are necessary for iOS__
```
